[kzl-538] collection.searchSpecifications (#170)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/java/1/collection/search-specifications/index.md

---
layout: sdk.html.hbs
title: searchSpecifications
description:
---

# searchSpecifications

{{{since "1.0.0"}}}

Searches collection specifications.

## Arguments

```java
  public io.kuzzle.sdk.SpecificationSearchResult searchSpecifications(
    String query,
    io.kuzzle.sdk.QueryOptions
  )
  public io.kuzzle.sdk.SpecificationSearchResult searchSpecifications(
    String query
  )
```

<br/>

| Argument | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `query` | <pre>String</pre> | A JSON string containing the query of the document |
| `options` | <pre>io.kuzzle.sdk.QueryOptions</pre> | The query options |

### Options

| Option     | Type (default) | Description                       |
| ---------- | -------------- | --------------------------------- |

> | `queuable` | <pre>boolean</pre> (`true`) | Make this request queuable or not |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `queuable` | <pre>boolean</pre> (`true`) | If true, queues the request during downtime, until connected to Kuzzle again |
```
